Laravel assets_directory documentation (#14)
knuckleswtf/scribe-docs: laravel/reference/10-config.md

   Default: `"/docs"`.

> - `assets_directory`: Specify directory within `public` in which to store Laravel Scribe assets. By default, assets are stored in `public/vendor/scribe`. If set, assets will be stored in `public/{{assets_directory}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `assets_directory`: Directory within `public` in which to store CSS and JS assets. By default, assets are stored in `public/vendor/scribe`. If set, assets will be stored in `public/{{assets_directory}}`
```

> - `assets_directory`: Specify directory within `public` in which to store Laravel Scribe assets. By default, assets are stored in `public/vendor/scribe`. If set, assets will be stored in `public/{{asset_prefix}}/vendor/scribe`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `assets_directory`: Specify directory within `public` in which to store Laravel Scribe assets. By default, assets are stored in `public/vendor/scribe`. If set, assets will be stored in `public/{{assets_directory}}`
```
